README.rst, before:

Baxter SDK
==============

The Baxter SDK provides a platform for development of custom applications for the Baxter Research Robot

This repository contains metapackages and files for installation/use of the Baxter SDK

Installation
------------
| Please follow the Getting Started wiki page for instructions on installation of the Baxter SDK:
| http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Workstation_Setup

Code & Tickets
--------------

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Documentation   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki                            |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Issues          | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter/issues               |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Contributions   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Contributions              |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

Baxter Repository Overview
--------------------------

::

     .
     |
     +-- baxter_sdk/              baxter metapackage containing all baxter sdk packages
     |
     +-- baxter_sdk.rosinstall    rosinstall script containing all baxter sdk packages
     |
     +-- baxter.sh                convenient environment initialization script


Other Baxter Repositories
-------------------------
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_interface |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_tools     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_common    |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_examples  | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_examples  |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Latest Release Information
--------------------------

http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Release-Changes

Commit message:

updated rosinstall file to link to python3 repos

README.rst, after:

Baxter SDK ROS Noetic fork
===========================

This is a ROS Noetic/Python3 compatible fork of the Baxter SDK. ROS Noetic compatible Baxter repositories can be found here:


+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_interface        |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_tools            |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_common           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_examples  | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_examples         |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_pykdl     | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_pykdl            |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_simulator | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_simulator        |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Details of the original repositories are below.

Baxter SDK
----------

The Baxter SDK provides a platform for development of custom applications for the Baxter Research Robot

This repository contains metapackages and files for installation/use of the Baxter SDK

Installation
------------
| Please follow the Getting Started wiki page for instructions on installation of the Baxter SDK:
| http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Workstation_Setup

Code & Tickets
--------------

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Documentation   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki                            |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Issues          | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter/issues               |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Contributions   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Contributions              |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

Baxter Repository Overview
--------------------------

::

     .
     |
     +-- baxter_sdk/              baxter metapackage containing all baxter sdk packages
     |
     +-- baxter_sdk.rosinstall    rosinstall script containing all baxter sdk packages
     |
     +-- baxter.sh                convenient environment initialization script


Other Baxter Repositories
-------------------------
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_interface |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_tools     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_common    |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_examples  | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_examples  |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_pykdl     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_pykdl     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_simulator | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_simulator |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Latest Release Information
--------------------------

http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Release-Changes
